Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart. – Roy T. Bennett
Today is your day. Your mountain is waiting so get on your way.- Dr. Seuss
Light tomorrow with today. – Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose. – Lyndon B. Johnson
When it rains, it pours? but soon, the sun shines again. Stay positive. Better days are on their way.
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist. — Pablo Picasso
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway. – Earl Nightingale
Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day. – Dalai Lama
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose. —Lyndon Johnson
Every object, every being, is a jar of delight. Be a connoisseur.- Rumi
Yesterday’s home runs don’t win today’s games. — Babe Ruth
Someday is not a say of the week. – Janet Dailey
You’re off to great places, today is your day. Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way. – Dr. Seuss
Don’t count the days, make the days count. – Muhammad Ali
Make each day your masterpiece. – John Wooden
You’re braver than you believe and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. – A.A Mine
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom. – Socrates
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. —Anne Frank
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. – Theodore Roosevelt
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. – Robert Louis Stevenson
Every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact. – Les Brown
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction. – George Lorimer
Don’t stress too much or it may eat you up alive. Sprinkle some positivity in your life with compassionate words, motivational phrases, inspiring thoughts, and more.
Look outside your window, clear your mind, look beyond what your eyes can see. There’s a door to the world of the unknown, it’s not always a Pandora’s box. Sometimes, The world out there is much more colorful and beautiful when you use a more positive mindset.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow. – Helen Keller
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience. – Roy T. Bennett
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito. —Dalai Lama
Just don’t give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there are love and inspiration, I don’t think you can go wrong. — Ella Fitzgerald
Stay positive in every situation and everything you do, never stop trying, have faith don’t stop due to failure. – Anurag Prakash Ray
One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. — Michelle Obama
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind. – Roy T. Bennett
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.—Voltaire
No one is perfect – that’s why pencils have erasers. – Wolfgang Riebe
If everything seems under control, you’re not going fast enough.- Mario Andretti
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. — Oprah Winfrey
When one door of happiness closes, another opens. – Helen Keller
If you are working on something exciting that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you. — Steve Jobs
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive good things and good people will be drawn to you. – Mary Lou Retton
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. — Abraham Lincoln
Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity. – Edwin Hubbel Chapin
Out of clutter, find simplicity. From discord, find harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. — Albert Einstein
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you. – Mary Lou Retton
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them. – Marcus Aurelius
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it. – Dennis P. Kimbro
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention. – Roy T. Bennett
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.- Mark Twain
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston S. Churchill
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. – Herman Melville
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. – Theodore Roosevelt