Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart. – Roy T. Bennett
Today is your day. Your mountain is waiting so get on your way.- Dr. Seuss
Light tomorrow with today. – Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose. – Lyndon B. Johnson
When it rains, it pours? but soon, the sun shines again. Stay positive. Better days are on their way.
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist. — Pablo Picasso
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway. – Earl Nightingale
Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day. – Dalai Lama
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose. —Lyndon Johnson
Every object, every being, is a jar of delight. Be a connoisseur.- Rumi
Yesterday’s home runs don’t win today’s games. — Babe Ruth
Someday is not a day of the week. – Janet Dailey
You’re off to great places, today is your day. Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way. – Dr. Seuss
Don’t count the days, make the days count. – Muhammad Ali
Make each day your masterpiece. – John Wooden
You’re braver than you believe and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. – A.A Mine
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom. – Socrates
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. —Anne Frank
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. – Theodore Roosevelt
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. – Robert Louis Stevenson
Every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact. – Les Brown
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction. – George Lorimer
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow. – Helen Keller
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience. – Roy T. Bennett
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito. —Dalai Lama
Stay positive in every situation and everything you do, never stop trying, have faith don’t stop due to failure. – Anurag Prakash Ray
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind. – Roy T. Bennett
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.—Voltaire
No one is perfect – that’s why pencils have erasers. – Wolfgang Riebe
If everything seems under control, you’re not going fast enough.- Mario Andretti
When one door of happiness closes, another opens. – Helen Keller
If you are working on something exciting that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you. — Steve Jobs
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive good things and good people will be drawn to you. – Mary Lou Retton
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. — Abraham Lincoln
Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity. – Edwin Hubbel Chapin
Out of clutter, find simplicity. From discord, find harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. — Albert Einstein
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you. – Mary Lou Retton
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them. – Marcus Aurelius
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it. – Dennis P. Kimbro
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention. – Roy T. Bennett
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston S. Churchill
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. – Herman Melville
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. – Theodore Roosevelt
It is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.– George Burns
Do the hard jobs first. Easy jobs will take care of themselves. – Dale Carnegie
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right. – Henry Ford
The time is always right to do what is right. – Martin Luther King, Jr.
Either you run the day or the day runs you. – Jim Rohn
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.  – Elbert Hubbard
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. – Thomas Jefferson
I’m a positive person, and I try to look at the good side of everything. –Leona Lewis
The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down. – Stephen Richards
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular. – Roy T. Benner